.. _FAQ:

FAQ 
###

**Q: I'm working on a custom experience/headset integration and hand alignment needs to be totally perfect. I have control over the head rig that will be used for my experience. How can I make sure the hand aligns with the user's real hands perfectly?**

    A: Check your LeapXRServiceProvider object in the Leap Rig prefab. We've included an Allow Manual Device Offset checkbox in the Advanced section that will allow you to adjust where your application expects the Ultraleap camera hardware to be relative to the tracked headset. (If you don't see this checkbox, make sure you've upgraded to the latest version of the Core module.)

    Because most Ultraleap VR rigs utilize a custom VR developer mount attachment, not all Ultraleap tracking cameras are mounted in the same place relative to the tracked positions of VR headsets. In order for hands in VR space to align perfectly with hands in the real world, your application needs to know exactly where the Ultraleap tracking camera is mounted relative to your tracked headset position and orientation. While the default values will usually produce an acceptable experience for VR, in passthrough or mixed-reality situations, a mismatch between the real world Leap position and the VR world Leap position – even of just a few degrees of tilt, or a centimetre of displacement – can shift hands too much to produce a plausible tracking experience.

    Naturally, this solution isn't viable if you intend for your application to be run on a wide variety of headsets with an Ultraleap camera attached. Under these circumstances, we recommend you keep the device offsets to their default values (uncheck the checkbox to revert them).

**Q: How do I convert a VR example into a desktop example?**

    First, add your own camera to the scene so you can film from whatever perspective makes sense for your user.

    The basic setup of a VR-less system is to use a LeapServiceProvider component (not a LeapXRServiceProvider). Remember to disable VR mode from your player settings and set the "tracking mode" to "desktop". Upon pressing play and holding your hands over the device, you should see the hands in the proper orientation.

Have a question not answered here? Head over to our `Discord server <https://discord.gg/3VCndThqxS>`_ and post your question! We'll see how we can help.
